We saw that the default LinearLearner got
a high accuracy but still misclassified fraudulent invalid data points,
in fact, a little over 30 in each class.
So let's think about what exactly during training
could cause this behavior and how we might improve the model.
First, if we imagine that we're designing this model for use in a bank application,
we know that users do not want any valid transactions to be categorized as fraudulent.
That is, we want to have as few false positives,
zeros classified as ones as possible.
On the other hand, if our bank manager asks for
an application that will catch almost all cases of fraud,
even if it means a higher number of false positives,
then we'd want to optimize for as few false negatives as possible.
To train according to specific product demands and goals,
we do not want to optimize for accuracy only.
Instead, we want to optimize for a metric like precision or
recall that can help us decrease the number of false positives or negatives.
Tuning with a specific metric in mind is often referred
to as model optimization or model tuning.
The second improvement we might make is
something we saw at the very start of this notebook.
We saw that only about 0.17 percent of our data was labeled as fraudulent.
So even if a model labeled all of our data as valid,
it likely would still have a high test accuracy.
This may result in some overfitting towards
valid data which accounts for some false negatives,
cases in which fraudulent data ones are incorrectly characterized as valid zeros.
So let's address these issues in order.
First, tuning our model and optimizing for a specific metric during training,
and second, accounting for class imbalance in the training set.